hello I'm Chris pace with Ron Carter in
Alvin Texas we're making this video
today to demonstrate to you how to link
your Bluetooth phone with your vehicle
we're going to be demonstrating today on
the Apple iPhone if you simply select on
your settings menu it'll bring up this
page right here scroll down select
general on your phone and find bluetooth
select it
make sure your Bluetooth function is on
if it is currently off simply hit the on
button and it will automatically engage
at the bottom hit devices you can see it
starts searching this usually takes
about 30 to 45 seconds once that is on
you're going to hold down the button on
the steering wheel the talk answer
button for two seconds and simply follow
the prompts when the operator comes
online you simply say Bluetooth and pair
ready bluetooth bluetooth ready pair
pair please start a search on your blink
this time select the Hantz light your
vehicle you can see it is complete
select your vehicle on your phone and
then enter the code five to eight seven
the code on the code is five to eight
seven the code for this vehicle is five
to eight seven however different
vehicles will have different codes then
will be demonstrated and placed up on
the dash for you to find once you enter
the code simply hit the pair button
please say the name tag you want
associated with this phone vehicle
demonstration about to store vehicle
demonstration does that sound okay
please say yes or no yes vehicle
demonstration has been successfully
paired returning to the Bluetooth
settings menu Bluetooth ready once you
hear that final beat are you need to hit
this button thank you goodbye
this phone is now paired with the
vehicle go back to your main menu now
somebody were to call you while you're
driving you will simply hit here to
answer and hit here to hang up speak of
the devil
you have an incoming call hello I'd like
to know I can that's gonna be on a
different video thank you
cool ending the bottom button simply
hangs up the call this vehicle will hold
up to five phones at one time if you
have any questions feel free to contact
us directly at two eight one three eight
eight eight zero four five again my name
is Chris pace and have a good day